What you're about to see is approximately 12 minutes of virtually never
before seen video footage inside the bent pyramid of Egypt,
which is among one of the most mysterious sites from ancient Egypt,
as it's been closed off to the public for more than 50 years. In fact,
because of that, even researchers and notable Egyptologists,
such as the late and legendary John Anthony West himself never had the
opportunity to enter the bent pyramid, which was one of his long-time wishes.
However, the bent pyramid just reopened to the public in June of 2019.
And I was fortunate enough to be in Egypt this last November in December of
2020. And on November 30th,
I had the privilege of going into the bent pyramid with Ben of the awesome
channel unchartered X,
along with Yusuf Yon from the chemist school of ancient mysticism.
And I took my, I felt my iPhone 12 pro,
and I have approximately 12 minutes of outstanding footage for you.
Now, before I play the clip,
just keep in mind that this starts off at the tunnel entrance,
which is somewhere between 40 and 50 feet off the ground. In fact,
an entire staircase had to be constructed just to get up there.
And the tunnel shaft itself is three feet wide and three feet tall.
I was literally squatting the entire way down,
which was a leg workout to say the least,
and they make jokes on it in the video,
but I'm going to play the video clip and I'm going to make a comment and then
show you another shorter clip. So without further ado, here we go.
Let's do a quick little
frame of reference at the bent pyramid.
Holy. Yeah, this is, this is cramps.
I am bent more than halfway over. This is unreal.
It's this little thing here.
Yeah, this is no joke. Yeah. It's
wow. I think the roof a few times already,
and this is 80 something meters that lead 87 meters tunnel.
Now, if you look at the sides, the precision,
see the blocks. This is next level paint on the construction tunnel
car through these rocks of it looks like that rock. I don't know.
I'll shut up because I always know. I know we'll narrate. We'll filming.
I just want to see, oh my God, this is nuts.
Good. I'm at the halfway mark. Feel it in the legs.
Look at this. We in the bedrock yet. I don't even know where exactly situated.
[Inaudible].
I'm mean look at this. You got that. The lines.
So yeah, this is look at the, just take a second to see the precision.
So I'm walking through a tunnel of a bunch of fricking huge stones that are
pieced together
Late day, bruh.
Oh, holy. Oh my God.
Leg day, bro.
Well.
87 Meters or 86 or whatever.
Oh, wow.
[Inaudible].
Oh my God. Look at this.
This is one steep.
[Inaudible].
We're like 80 or 90. And then the walls.
Look at this. Look at this precision just for.
[Inaudible].
Second to me, but that was my hotel room key. Hold on.
Let me show you. I want to be careful what I take out
my driver's license for perspective.
Yeah, look at this. I'll just
block after block, after block.
[Inaudible].
And then this is like, let me count the stories.
1, 2, 3, 4.
I think that's five or six levels.
Yeah, it looks like five here.
Let's keep filming. I'm going up. Bring that guitar.
Just tell them the whole thing.
If I squeeze my,
Hey, catch my phone real quick. I want the shot of it recording as it falls.
And let's just take a look. So here you got the, oh wow.
The phone's picking up the way I see it. This is not
block after block piece together where this pyramid,
the bend pyramid just opened in 2019.
I believe in June after something like 20 years
of restoration,
which is funny because in modern times it takes us 20 years to restore something
that was said to be constructed in 20 something years in the ancient of times.
Think about that. See guys, this isn't, this isn't a tomb.
You see the design of all this and we're up.
So I'm on the fifth floor right now. Let me look down. Zoom in.
You see like below me, they're like,
it's like at least 60 feet and I look up. So we're at like up here.
It's at least 60, 70 feet. I don't know.
It was a guess maybe 80 and just the nature
of the layout. All right. So going at these blocks,
stacked in, look at this tunnel.
I hit my back. I'll live.
Um, I'm totally post this on Insta their mind if I squeeze through real quick.
Yes.
Mind if I squeeze through please. Jimmy, Jimmy,
me. I keep it in my back. This is great wagon behind. Wow.
Is there a remnant fit through or no? You're going to have to,
it's not that far.
I'm doing a full video tour. Yeah. You're on camera then. Uncharted X.
How is it in there? Wonderful.
Yeah, it was a couple of features. The, uh, you see the, the breeze up there.
There's a stone sledge to the right that used to block that Western entrance
color stone. And then you'd go up to the back.
Okay. I can't wait to see what a bat cave looks like. Just maybe let.
Can we tell people back there there's two people coming up.
I would love to get these fly by now. I can see. Oh yeah,
yeah. Yeah. Tons of.
Thanks. Janna. Oh yeah. It's a little dark. So many buttons.
Like there really is bats in here. They're going on Institute.
Jesus Christ. This is amazing. Hey, what's going on doc?
And it goes this way. It goes this way, Sheila.
How are you? It's nice in here. Isn't it? Ooh, Todd, how is it?
And where would this go?
Ear flow chamber out to the Western Western,
outside of the pyramid for the air flows coming from it. Hold on.
I know this is shaky camera stuff,
but I don't want to stop recording simply because I want everyone to see the
tour of this place.
Give me get a flashlight out.
My friend, Ben from Australia, calls it a torch,
I think is great. This stuff. Second guys.
This wasn't anticipating cleaners cramps.
I didn't ask me your first name. David Connie.
What am I looking at here?
I would like to know where that all goes and it goes up. That's weird.
These are obviously more modern cuts. Okay.
So we're going to go down here and look at this.
So I'm in another tunnel with this incredible precision of cut
blocks and I am a few hundred feet up off the ground.
Oh, well actually, no, I don't know that because we went down for a while.
Then we went back up.
So I'm probably around the same level that I was at with the stairs.
I don't know. I'm just blabbing. Oh, okay. There's some bats.
You probably can't see them, but they are there. Those are bats.
That's a big bat. Oh wow. Oh wait. Maybe it's not,
there are bats that one's not as bad, but there was events
up here. Like what is this? This is nothing about, this is like a tomb.
This is not burial site. It really is.
And you guys have heard me talk about that a million times, but look,
and thanks for yourselves. Like, oh yeah,
this is just the layout of where you bury someone and oh,
of course we never found a mummy whatsoever in any of these tunes, but you know,
where does this go under the stairs. Okay.
Now that's kind of weird smelling urine. That's got to be bat.
I've been to a zoo before.
Well
have these lots of woop and then these small pieces of stone, Mr.
[inaudible] love.
And it's what supported this is. And this is ours.
So say a little bit once here, take these locks.
We got them, but they were really dated the side.
[inaudible].
Now that's where the camera cuts off because it was a little crowded and loud in
there. But I have another minute long clip, which I started playing.
When I went back down that five level stairwell,
which will give you a different perspective of what I saw.
So let me show that to you now. So that's the chamber. We were just in,
it goes all the way to the top as we were just up there,
way up there. And then we go down this steep set of steps,
which aren't even supposed to be there. Cause it's all Hollis.
And they keep that in mind. There are no steps here.
And when you see these steps, this is the tunnel I went down in originally.
And that's on the way out. Yeah.
Up and out.
And so nothing about this is meant for humans to be able to move
around in. There's no steps. There's no nothing without us putting it in there.
It just goes up. This isn't amazed in order to keep two robbers out.
Nevermind. The fact that there was no money found in here. It's just something,
it seems functional. So leg day, bruh,
is it just me or is that place absolutely incredible.
And was it like anything you expected it to look like and you got to keep in
mind,
we're seeing it as it is today with all these stairwells that were built into it
and keep in mind that people have been going through,
they're doing whatever humans do,
beaten up the place for the last hundreds and even thousands of years.
Keep in mind when you saw that chamber in there, the King's chamber,
which I never was found with any mummy or Saghafi I guys that wasn't there.
So that whole roof system that you see busted and the logs laying across it,
that was a sealed chamber. So who knows exactly what has taken place in there.
And, and of course they also use explosives in there too. I mean,
the place was wrecked.
So we have no idea what truly happened there or what its original originality
looked like.
But I will say this pictured in your mind without all those stairs and
explain how it would make sense for that to be a tomb for anybody managing,
moving a mummy and our Sakara guy up where there are no stairs into that tunnel
that goes in. I mean, something I'm just going to say it.
I do not believe for a second that that was built with the purpose of being a
tomb for the pharaohs. I think it's a silly idea.
It's not backed by hardly any evidence at all. And not only that,
that theory didn't even exist in Egypt to about 150,
160 years ago when a bunch of outsiders from other countries invaders
came in and said, that's what it is.
A lot of people don't realize that the Egyptians themselves,
the locals populous don't believe that they were meant to be teams for the
pharaohs or at least not many of them. So these are details.
A lot of people aren't aware of, but let me also say this.
I took several hundred photos on my outstanding mirrorless camera.
So you haven't seen any of that yet because right now I'm not filming this on my
typical setup because I'm traveling. I'll share more about that in a second.
So I will be making a full peer or a video about the bent pyramid
in the future. We'll explain all the different details about it.
And also mentioned the fact that the very nature itself of being bent and how
will these so-called experts claim that that was just an accident on behalf of
the Egyptians.
Like no guys that's stupid Egypt didn't make mistakes like that and they could
have fixed it. I believe that this thing was functional.
I think it had something to do with frequency and vibration,
probably channeled water and air through it.
I'm not trying to convince you that. I don't know that,
but I think this is beyond our level of understanding and maybe just maybe some
really impressive things were happening here on earth, in the distant past.
And now it's fricking gone guys. So stay tuned to a future video on that.
And let me just say that I'm going to be posting another video of raw unedited
footage of being inside the second pyramid, the so-called pyramid of coffee,
which wasn't his pyramid either. Uh, and that goes from the Sphinx,
the Causeway up to the second pyramid.
And let me just say that I have significant reason to believe that that pyramid
was built before the great pyramid of Giza,
which I originally thought that was the first one and the most impressive,
but Ben from unchartered X sold me otherwise.
And I think that there's some real truth to that,
that the second pyramid was the first, because so many things about it,
or even more impressive in the great pyramid and these are details I never knew
about. So I went and saw it with my own eyes. So look forward to that.
But I also say this when I say that I'm not on my current setup.
So if you watched my recent live stream video,
I mentioned that I'd have some details to share in the, in the future.
And so I'll share it now.
I've been living in Boise for the last four and a half years,
although I'm in Arizona right now,
as I film this and I'm moving back to Arizona,
I'm going to be going back to Idaho soon to finish things up there, uh,
complete the move,
but I couldn't be more excited to be making this move to be closer with family
and friends.
And it's just going to help Jimmy to be able to make videos on a more regular
basis. That'll have other things around in my life that are necessary.
So Idaho's wonderful. I recommend Boise to other people,
but uh, it's time for Jimmy to, uh, move on. And yeah,
I love talking to third person, but anyways, but yeah, so stay tuned.
Once I have my full set up here,
I'll be able to start making video presentations with all the pictures and
slides like I typically do. So I can explain things in more detail,
but it is fun sharing these unedited videos through my iPhone,
which I thought took some pretty good quality shots. So anyways,
leave a comment. Let me know what your thoughts are and all of this. I mean,
again,
picture this bent pyramid and the entrance itself being 40 50 may have been 60
feet, but I want to say 40, 50 feet off the ground that staircase didn't exist.
It's flat with all the casing stones.
So to get up there in the first place is something else. Um,
and the very nature about it. What do you guys think this was? I mean,
it's all about having ideas and thinking for yourself.
And if there's one thing I always say on this channel is to think for yourself.
But anyways guys, I'm Jimmy. My channel is called bright insight,
hit the like button and subscribe. And again, leave a comment,
sharing your thoughts, but stay tuned to another video real soon. Take care,
everybody.